Hugo refactor (#89)
dandi/dandi-about: content/en/_index.md

---
title: DANDI
---

{{< blocks/banner title="DANDI: Distributed Archives for Neurophysiology Data Integration" show_news="true" >}}
The DANDI platform is supported by the [BRAIN Initiative](https://braininitiative.nih.gov/) for publishing, sharing, and processing neurophysiology data. The archive accepts cellular neurophysiology data including electrophysiology, optophysiology, and behavioral time-series, and images from immunostaining experiments. The platform is now available for data upload and distribution. The storage of data in the archive is also supported by the [Amazon Opendata program](https://registry.opendata.aws/).

> The data in the archive can be browsed using the [Data Portal](https://dandiarchive.org). For detailed instructions on how to interact (view, upload, download, process) with DANDI [click here](https://www.dandiarchive.org/handbook/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data in the archive can be browsed using the [Data Portal](https://dandiarchive.org). For detailed instructions on how to interact (view, upload, download, process) with DANDI [click here](https://docs.dandiarchive.org).
```

{{< /blocks/banner >}}

{{< blocks/content-section title="Why DANDI?" >}}
As an exercise, let's assume you lose all the data in your lab. What would you want from the archive? Our hope is that your answer to this question, the necessary data and metadata that you need, is at least what we should be storing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DANDI provides:

```

Reviewer 2: This was a carry-over from the old site, but I agree with the language change. These are real problems- no need to make it hypothetical
